RHIDP-4485: Topology plugin code block formatting (#970)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/proc-using-topology-plugin.adoc

= Using the Topology plugin

Topology is a front-end plugin that enables you to view the workloads as nodes that power any service on the Kubernetes cluster.

> == Enabling users to use the Topology plugin

Reviewer: Modularization: a procedure cannot contain 2 procedures. 

* Split each procedure into a dedicated file.
* Aggregate the 2 procedures in an assembly file.

The Topology plugin is defining additional permissions. When link:{authorization-book-url}[{autorization-book-title}] is enabled, to enable users to use the Topology plugin, grant them:

* The `topology.view.read` `read` permission to view the Topology panel.
* The `kubernetes.proxy` `use` permission to view the pod logs.
* The `catalog-entity` `read` permission to view the {product} software catalog items.

.Prerequisites
* You are link:{authorization-book-url}#managing-authorizations-by-using-external-files[managing {autorization-book-title} by using external files].

.Procedure

> * Add the following permission policies to your `rbac-policy.csv` file to create a `topology-viewer` role that has access to the Topology plugin features, and add the role to the users requiring this authorization:

Reviewer: The example CSV content is missing.

== Using the Topology plugin

.Prerequisites
* Your {product} instance is installed and running.
* You have installed the Topology plugin. 
//For the installation process, see Installation.

> * You have enabled the users to use the Topology plugin.

Reviewer: Consider adding a link to the other procedure.

+
[source]
----
g, user:default/<YOUR_USERNAME>, role:default/topology-viewer
p, role:default/topology-viewer, topology.view.read, read, allow <1>
p, role:default/topology-viewer, kubernetes.proxy, use, allow <2>
p, role:default/topology-viewer, catalog-entity, read, allow <3>
----
<1> Grants the user the ability to see the Topology panel. 
<2> Grants the user the ability to view the pod logs. 

> <3> Grants the user the ability to see the catalog item.

Reviewer: Move this content to the other procedure.

Topology is a front-end plugin that enables you to view the workloads as nodes that power any service on the Kubernetes cluster.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed a {product} running instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your {product} instance is installed and running.
```

I've seen it written like this in other docs

* You have installed the Topology plugin. 
//For the installation process, see Installation.

> * If the RBAC permission framework is enabled, add the following permission policies in an external permission policies configuration file `rbac-policy.csv` to allow the RBAC admins or your desired user(s)/group(s) to access the Topology plugin:

Reviewer: Tense mismatch: present tense (add) denotes an action the user has to do, therefore a procedure step. In the prerequisites we expect past tense (added).

> * If the RBAC permission framework is enabled, ensure the following permission policies are added in an external permission policies configuration file, such as `rbac-policy.csv`, to allow the RBAC admins or authorized users to access the Topology plugin:

Reviewer: Additionally, the example is more:

```
= Enabling users to use the Topology plugin

The Topology plugin is defining additional permissions. When link:{authorization-book-url}[{autorization-book-title}] is enabled, to enable users to use the Topology plugin, grant them:

* The `topology.view.read` `read` permission to view the Topology panel.
* The `kubernetes.proxy` `use` permission to view the pod logs.
* The `catalog-entity` `read` permission to view the {product} software catalog items.

. Prerequisites
* You are link:{authorization-book-url}#managing-authorizations-by-using-external-files[managing {autorization-book-title} by using external files].

.Procedure
* Add the following permission policies to your `rbac-policy.csv` file to create a `topology-viewer` role that has access to the Topology plugin features, and add the role to the users requiring this authorization:

etc
```

> * If the RBAC permission framework is enabled, ensure the following permission policies are added in an external permission policies configuration file `rbac-policy.csv` to allow the RBAC admins or your desired user(s)/group(s) to access the Topology plugin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the RBAC permission framework is enabled, ensure the following permission policies are added in an external permission policies configuration file, such as `rbac-policy.csv`, to allow the RBAC admins or authorized users to access the Topology plugin:
```

Reviewer 2: In general we avoid "desired"

+

> [source,bash]

Reviewer: This is a CSV file, not a bash script. The source highlighting is not effective, and it is confusing for the source code reader. Consider removing it.

```suggestion
[source]
```

+
image::rhdh-plugins-reference/topology-tab-user1.png[topology-user-1]

. Select a node and a pop-up appears on the right side that contains two tabs: *Details* and *Resources*.
+

> The *Details* and *Resources* tabs contain the associated information and resources of the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Details* and *Resources* tabs contain the associated information and resources for the node.
```

+
image::rhdh-plugins-reference/topology-tab-user2.png[topology-user-2]

. Click the *Open URL* button on the top of a node.
+
image::rhdh-plugins-reference/topology-tab-user3.png[topology-user-3]
+

> When you click the *Open URL* button, it allows you to access the associated *Ingresses* and runs your application in a new tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the *Open URL* button to access the associated *Ingresses* and run your application in a new tab.
```

>     When you click the *Open URL* button, it allows you to access the associated *Ingresses* and runs your application in a new tab.

Reviewer: This formatting is unusual. Can you keep the usual formatting for consistency?
